[DOCS] Update example and nesting in get data frame analytics job stats API (#55191)
elastic/elasticsearch: docs/reference/ml/df-analytics/apis/get-dfanalytics-stats.asciidoc

[[ml-get-dfanalytics-stats-response-body]]
==== {api-response-body-title}

`data_frame_analytics`::
(array)
An array of objects that contain usage information for {dfanalytics-jobs}, which are sorted by the `id` value in 
ascending order.
+
.Properties of {dfanalytics-job} usage resources
[%collapsible%open]
====
//Begin analysis_stats
`analysis_stats`:::
(object)

> An object containing statistical data about the analysis.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
An object containing information about the analysis job.
```

+
.Properties of `analysis_stats`
[%collapsible%open]
=====
//Begin classification_stats
`classification_stats`::::
(object)

> An object containing statistical data about the {classanalysis}.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
An object containing information about the {classanalysis} job.
```

+
.Properties of `classification_stats`
[%collapsible%open]
======
//Begin class_hyperparameters
`hyperparameters`::::
(object)

> An object containing the parameters of the {classanalysis}.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
An object containing the parameters of the {classanalysis} job.
```

=======
//End class_hyperparameters

`iteration`::::
(integer)
include::{docdir}/ml/ml-shared.asciidoc[tag=dfas-iteration]

`timestamp`::::
(date)
include::{docdir}/ml/ml-shared.asciidoc[tag=dfas-timestamp]

//Begin class_timing_stats
`timing_stats`::::
(object)
include::{docdir}/ml/ml-shared.asciidoc[tag=dfas-timing-stats]
+
.Properties of `timing_stats`
[%collapsible%open]
=======
`elapsed_time`::::
(integer)
include::{docdir}/ml/ml-shared.asciidoc[tag=dfas-timing-stats-elapsed]

`iteration_time`::::
(integer)
include::{docdir}/ml/ml-shared.asciidoc[tag=dfas-timing-stats-iteration]
=======
//End class_timing_stats

//Begin class_validation_loss
`validation_loss`::::
(object)
include::{docdir}/ml/ml-shared.asciidoc[tag=dfas-validation-loss]
+
.Properties of `validation_loss`
[%collapsible%open]
=======
`fold_values`::::
include::{docdir}/ml/ml-shared.asciidoc[tag=dfas-validation-loss-fold]

`loss_type`::::
(string)
include::{docdir}/ml/ml-shared.asciidoc[tag=dfas-validation-loss-type]
=======
//End class_validation_loss
======
//End classification_stats

//Begin outlier_detection_stats
`outlier_detection_stats`::::
(object)

> An object containing statistical data about the {oldetection} job.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
An object containing information about the {oldetection} job.
```

(double)
The minimum {olscore} that a document needs to have to calculate its feature 
influence score.

`method`::::
(string)
The method that {oldetection} uses. Possible values are `lof`, `ldof`, 
`distance_kth_nn`, `distance_knn`, and `ensemble`.

`n_neighbors`::::
(integer)
The value for how many nearest neighbors each method of {oldetection} uses to 
calculate its outlier score.

`outlier_fraction`::::
(double)
The proportion of the data set that is assumed to be outlying prior to 
{oldetection}.

`standardization_enabled`::::
(boolean)
If true, then the following operation is performed on the columns before 
computing {olscores}: (x_i - mean(x_i)) / sd(x_i).
=======
//End parameters

`timestamp`::::
(date)
include::{docdir}/ml/ml-shared.asciidoc[tag=dfas-timestamp]

//Begin od_timing_stats
`timing_stats`::::
(object)
include::{docdir}/ml/ml-shared.asciidoc[tag=dfas-timing-stats]
+
.Property of `timing_stats`
[%collapsible%open]
=======
`elapsed_time`::::
(integer)
include::{docdir}/ml/ml-shared.asciidoc[tag=dfas-timing-stats-elapsed]
=======
//End od_timing_stats
======
//End outlier_detection_stats

//Begin regression_stats
`regression_stats`::::
(object)

> An object containing statistical data about the {reganalysis}.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
An object containing information about the {reganalysis} job.
```

+
.Properties of `regression_stats`
[%collapsible%open]
======
//Begin reg_hyperparameters
`hyperparameters`::::
(object)

> An object containing the parameters of the {reganalysis}.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
An object containing the parameters of the {reganalysis} job.
```

`timestamp`::::
(date)
include::{docdir}/ml/ml-shared.asciidoc[tag=dfas-timestamp]

//Begin reg_timing_stats
`timing_stats`::::
(object)
include::{docdir}/ml/ml-shared.asciidoc[tag=dfas-timing-stats]
+
.Propertis of `timing_stats`
[%collapsible%open]
=======
`elapsed_time`::::
(integer)
include::{docdir}/ml/ml-shared.asciidoc[tag=dfas-timing-stats-elapsed]

`iteration_time`::::
(integer)
include::{docdir}/ml/ml-shared.asciidoc[tag=dfas-timing-stats-iteration]
=======
//End reg_timing_stats

//Begin reg_validation_loss
`validation_loss`::::
(object)
include::{docdir}/ml/ml-shared.asciidoc[tag=dfas-validation-loss]
+
.Properties of `validation_loss`
[%collapsible%open]
=======
`fold_values`::::
(array of strings)
include::{docdir}/ml/ml-shared.asciidoc[tag=dfas-validation-loss-fold]

`loss_type`::::
(string)
include::{docdir}/ml/ml-shared.asciidoc[tag=dfas-validation-loss-type]
=======
//End reg_validation_loss
======
//End regression_stats
=====
//End analysis_stats

`assignment_explanation`:::
(string)
For running jobs only, contains messages relating to the selection of a node to 
run the job.

//Begin data_counts
`data_counts`:::
(object)

> An object containing statistical data about the documents in the analysis.

Reviewer: It's confusing since it is the same text as for `analysis_stats`. I guess @dimitris-athanasiou can advise better on what to write here.

Author: Thanks, I've drafted alternative text.
